# Meta

This is my personal knowledge base where I share everything I know about this world in form of an online GitBook hosted on GitHub.

If there are are few main takeaways from my note taking so far with all the knowledge I have learnt, they would be:

1. **Incremental changes always win:** If you try turn your life around in a day, there is such a smaller percentage chance it will stick. Conversely, small changes make compound improvement over time. These is a concept I learnt in Atomic Habits by James Clear, and is constantly shown and proven through my time spent on self improvement
2. **The world is never black and white, but instead grey:** We often see each other as having something or not having something, I think this is a naive take on things, as I believe it's more likely a person has more of something or less than something, with extremeity cases on either side of the spectrum. An example would be ADHD, in which a person is often said to have ADHD or not have it, there is no speak of anything inbetween. Whereas further research shows that most common mental illnesses can be seen as a[ bell curve](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/DHp4tjXyfW51z-8aWXAdQpmXTryL1PkRlFlRqi1bv4P1OSaJ33iPDubFt0ToPfR-2Obdff6Tj2TsftMCgWlb76usVVxcslIHLiNEbjyu6Mc_Q3Su6D5PoMVP3kwoQs7Zvz2p8mP781695AWl), where humans can be placed anywhere on the curve. I have yet to see if this law applies to other areas, aside mental illnesses.
3. **Nature and human laws are vastly different:** _Human laws_ apply on an _individualistic level_, these will be laws such as the optimal way in which one would learn, as there are many choices for an individual. _Nature laws_ apply to _everyone_, these will be laws as if a human is to master new knowedge, they must first process information, as this is the only choice in which we can master new knowledge.
4. **Your mind can be seen as mucles:** By this I mean that no skill can be mastered over night. Instead, just like working your body at the gym; the mind needs consistent, compound improvement to win. The gym analogy doesn't only apply to physical skills, as it also applies to mental skills. The ability to focus, willpower, learning capabilities and more.
5. **Read Atomic Habits by James Clear:** And pay attention to the content, integrating the advice into your lifestyle over time, probably one of the best books I have read.
6. **You can play move correctly in life, and still lose:** This idea hones in on the point that nature is designed differently from games. In games, if you execute the perfect move sequence, you will win. Nature has complex, untangible laws. Even if you don't make mistakes, you can still lose.
7. **All information in the gitbook is pointless:** I think that if you truly want to learn something new, research it yourself, you'll find a lot more information than is written on this GitBook. This GitBook is only my take topics that I have researched, and based on the sources I have found. To truly learn something, you must google it and really dissect the information for youself.

